hey guys okay so I have quite a
different look for you guys and this is
definitely a way darker look than I
normally do I've been obsessing over
Betelgeuse lately and I guess my
subconscious knew that apparently Tim
Burton is talking about making a beetle
juice too so I am way excited about that
I'm just obsessed with all things
Beetlejuice and black and white stripes
so I really want to do a beatlejuice
inspired makeup look and basically what
I came up with was a vibrant purple with
a black kind of smoked out look with a
winged liner and then underneath I had
the black and white stripes going on so
that's probably why it looks a little
weird from far away but it looks really
awesome close up and kind of in person
looks really cool far away I think the
cameras just picking up weird and then I
have a way darker lip that I normally
wear you guys have any requests any like
more requests from like the movie
beetlejuice like a look book or anything
just let me know I'll probably do it
anyways because I love beetles you so
much and I hope you guys enjoyed this
sorry the intro is long and here you go
hi so first I'm starting off with
priming my lid i'm using else eyelid
primer and then I'm just blending that
out all over my even under the lower
lashes and all over my lid then taking
altos I crown and fearless which is just
this kind of violet purpley color i'm
placing that all over my lid and this is
going to be a base to help bring out
more of that purple shadow we're going
to use I'm just blending that with my
finger
and then i'm using Urban Decay's
sustainable shadow palette I'm using the
color flash which is this bright purple
with a flat shader brush and I'm just
applying that all over a lid try and
make sure you don't get it underneath
and I'm just really concentrating on
trying to make sure I really have the
shadow on to the fullest impact I can
then i'm taking a tapered crease brush
and oil slick from that same palette and
i'm just going to start working that
into my crease and a little bit into the
outer v of my eye and I'm switching it
up with a fluffy or shader brush once I
put it on with the tapered crease to
help blend it out a bit more
and I'm also picking up some little bit
more shadow with that fluffy brush to
add to darken up that black and then
using NYX jumbo eye pencil in milk and
Kat Von D's autograph pencil and here
are more which is just a black I'm going
to be using these to start creating the
stripes on the lower lashes and you want
to make sure it's even with the others
other I so that's why I keep checking
and you also want to tight get your
water line right there too while you're
doing this sorry if I make you dizzy
with switching back and forth this is
the part that takes most concentration
is trying not to really blend the two so
basically I just did for and then I
grabbed my Maybelline line stiletto
which is the black liquid liner I'm just
going to start to lining my upper lash
line
going all the way to the inner corner
I'm also going to wing it out
then taking a pencil brush I'm using
England's white matte shadow I'm just
going to highlight the inner corner of
my eye and go over that white cream
pencil from NYX that we put on our lower
lash line to help set that white and
then I'm going to be trying to place
some white underneath that winged liner
we created but the pencils too thick so
if you have a smaller pense white pencil
it'd probably be a lot easier than what
i did so i took a angled brush and that
powder the inglot i shadow and i just
place it underneath the wing and then
taking a clean other angle brush I'm
using oil slick from urban decay and I'm
just going over that black pencil that
we place on our lower lashes
and then using voluminous false lashes
from l'oreal i'm just applying some
mascara and then I really wanted to
concentrate on the lower lashes to make
the lashes contrast against the white on
my lower lashes then using our Delta
false lashes 131 38 I applied those to
my eyes but I didn't show you guys and
then i'm using elf blush and bronzer
palette and just contouring my cheeks
and I want a little bit heavier with my
contour that I normally do because this
is a timber and look and yeah it was
good for it then using altos blush and
girly there's just a subtle pink we're
just applying that to my cheeks
and then using glamour doll eyes lip
fiend which is a liquid lipstick and
implying that with a lip brush and this
is in the color Gavin which is a very
deep violet purple
and with the dark colors you really want
to try and be careful because they're
not really as forgiving if you make any
mistakes
and they're the lips and just clean them
up but this is the finished i look with
the false lashes so now you can see a
closer and that's a full face finished
look I hope you guys enjoyed this and
hit the like button if you did and don't
forget to comment subscribe and all that
good stuff I hope you guys liked by